(DOCSP-21382): New section with embedded object relationship examples (#1765)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/schemas/relationships.txt

-----------------------------

Embedded Objects can have relationships with foreign collections. Use 
dot notation to access properties in embedded objects.

.. _relationships-from-embedded-object-to-another-collection:

Embedded Object to Another Collection
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

An embedded object can have a relationship with an object in a foreign 
collection.

.. code-block:: json

   {
     "title": "Person",
     "properties": {
       "_id": { "bsonType": "objectId" },
       "pet": {
         "bsonType":"object",
         "properties": {
           "favoriteToyBrand": { "bsonType": "objectId" }
         }
       }
       // ...additional model properties
     }
   }

Use dot notation to specify the embedded object property that has a 
relationship with the foreign collection. Then, you can specify the 
foreign collection details and foreign key field.

.. code-block:: json

   { "pet.favoriteToyBrand": 
      { 
         "ref": "#/relationship/mongodb-atlas/example/ToyBrand", 
         "foreign_key": "_id", 
         "is_list": false }
   }

.. _relationships-to-embedded-object-within-list:

Embedded Object Within a List
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> An embedded object that is within a list property can have a relationship

Reviewer: Looks good to me. Dont think you need another example but you can add a note that dictionaries and sets use the same [] syntax

Author: Good note, I'll add that - thanks!

with a foreign collection.

.. code-block:: json

   {
     "title": "Person",
     "properties": {
       "_id": { "bsonType": "objectId" },
       "pets": {
         "bsonType":"array",
         "items": {
           "bsonType": "object",
           "properties": {
             "favoriteToyBrand": { "bsonType": "objectId" }
           }
         }
       }
      // ...additional model properties
     }
   }

To access a embedded object property contained in a list, use: 
``field1.[].field2``, e.g. ``pets.[].favoriteToyBrand``. From there, 
you can specify the foreign collection details and foreign key field.

.. code-block:: json

   {
     "pets.[].favoriteToyBrand": {
       "ref": "#/relationship/mongodb-atlas/example/ToyBrand",
       "foreign_key": "_id",

>        "is_list": false

Reviewer 2: @tkaye407 is this supposed to be `"is_list": true`?

Author: I had assumed in this example we're referring to the foreign_key field as a list (or not) - in which case the ToyBrand `_id` is unlikely to be a list. But it's very possible my understanding is backwards!

Reviewer: Nope. Is_List refers to if the field at the end of the relationship string is a list. So if favoriteToyBranc was itself a list / set / dictionary, then is_list would need to be true. Here, the property being pointed to: "pets.[].favoriteToyBrand" is just a primitive

Reviewer: Perhaps its worth clarifying (a) that is_list is also true for sets / dictionaries and (b) that it refers to whether the property itself is a list / set / dictionary, not if it is withing a list of embedded objects

Reviewer 2: ah i see the distinction - thanks for confirming!

           }
         }

Embedded Object Relationships
-----------------------------

Embedded Objects can have relationships with foreign collections. Use 

> dot notation to access properties in embedded objects when creating
> relationships with foreign collections.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
dot notation to access properties in embedded objects.
```

Maybe I'm missing something, but the extra clause on this sentence:
- doesn't seem to add anything (don't you *always* use dot notation when referencing embedded objects?)
- makes the sentence less readable

So I suggest removing it. If it does add something, maybe we can break the sentence up?

.. _relationships-from-embedded-object-to-another-collection:

Embedded Object to Another Collection
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

An embedded object can have a relationship with an object in a foreign 

> collection.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
collection:
```

Maybe other examples on this page don't use colons for the transition, but it feels very natural here. Could always update the other examples, too.

       "pet": {
         "bsonType":"object",
         "properties": {
           "favoriteToyBrand": { "bsonType": "objectId" }
         }
       }
       // ...additional model properties
     }
   }

Use dot notation to specify the embedded object property that has a 
relationship with the foreign collection. Then, you can specify the 
foreign collection details and foreign key field.

.. code-block:: json

   { "pet.favoriteToyBrand": 
      { 
         "ref": "#/relationship/mongodb-atlas/example/ToyBrand", 
         "foreign_key": "_id", 
         "is_list": false }
   }

.. _relationships-to-embedded-object-within-list:

Embedded Object Within a List
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

An embedded object that is within a list property can have a relationship
with a foreign collection.

.. code-block:: json

   {
     "title": "Person",
     "properties": {
       "_id": { "bsonType": "objectId" },
       "pets": {
         "bsonType":"array",
         "items": {
           "bsonType": "object",
           "properties": {
             "favoriteToyBrand": { "bsonType": "objectId" }
           }
         }
       }
      // ...additional model properties
     }
   }

> The dot notation to access a embedded object property contained in a list 
> is: ``pets.[].favoriteToyBrand``. From there, you can specify the 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To access an embedded object property contained in a list, use ``.[].``, e.g.
``pets.[].favoriteToyBrand``. From there, you can specify the 
```
Passive -> active reword suggestion. Take it or leave it or change it, up to you.
"a" -> "an", should probably take it.
